README.md, before:

## Mathilde Ferrand Coeurderoy

[Blog](https://medium.com/@mathilde.ferrand.coeurderoy) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/mathoucdry) | [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mathildeferrandcoeurderoy/)

[Recent projects](https://github.com/mathildeferrandcoeurderoy/CV#recent-projects) | [Skills](https://github.com/mathildeferrandcoeurderoy/CV#skills) | [Education](https://github.com/mathildeferrandcoeurderoy/CV#education) | [Experience](https://github.com/mathildeferrandcoeurderoy/CV#experience) | [Interests](https://github.com/mathildeferrandcoeurderoy/CV#interests)

I'm a full stack developer who recently graduated from [Makers](https://makers.tech/) with a background on digital communication for the railway and health industries. I also worked on a sponsorship between SNCF (French Railway Company) and [HackPartners](https://github.com/mathildeferrandcoeurderoy/CV#experience) to bring the hackathon culture to the french railway industry! **HackTrain 5.0: 48 hours, 80 developers, 30 mentors, 20 prototypes, 2 trains**. This year I'm tackling the challenge as a software engineer!   
I am now looking for challenging work in an environment that will push me to improve my technical skills and grow as a developer with a strong communication-based culture.   

## Recent projects

| Project | Timeframe | Description | Technology | Testing framework |
| --------| ----------| ------------| -----------| ------------------|
| [Bank Tech Test](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/bank-tech-test) | 2 days | Makers Tech Test using TDD, OOP. | Ruby | RSpec |
| [MakersBnB](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/MakersBnB) | 1 week | Our first team project, following XP principles and agile rituals. | Express, Javascript, SQLite, Sequelize | Jasmine, Zombie |
| [Chitter](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/chitter-challenge) | 2 days | A Twitter clone built during a weekend. | Ruby, Sinatra, ActiveRecord, PostgreSQL | RSpec, Capybara |
| [Acebook](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/acebook-PushMePullYou) | 2 weeks | Our second team project focusing on engineering. The full stack rails app is deployed on heroku [here](http://acebook-pushmepullyou.herokuapp.com/). | Ruby, Ruby on Rails, PostgreSQL | RSpec, Capybara |
| [Injection Dependent](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/injection_dependent) | 2 weeks | Our final project. This mobile app aims to help young diabetics dealing with injection sites. | React Native, Redux | Jest, Enzyme |

## Skills

#### Project Management

Whilst working on independent projects at Makers (like [Chitter](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/chitter-challenge) among other weekend challenges), I set my own direction and managed to deliver what I wanted to achieve.   
At SNCF (French Railway Company), I had to deal between multiple projects at the same time, from writing contents to managing a sponsorship agreement involving several departments within the company.

#### Collaborative work

At Makers, we worked on three group projects focusing on engineering process and values of extreme programming. We set up agile rituals such as daily stand ups, sprint sessions and retros. I really did enjoy pairing with each member during the group projects. This enabled us to share knowledge (i.e. discovering Redux during our [final project](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/injection_dependent)) and having a clear understanding of our goals.

#### Communication
   
My previous experiences involved communicating a lot with stakeholders, especially when setting up the partnership between SNCF and HackPartners.   
At Makers, pair programming afternoons were the occasion to have open and clear conversations with my partners in order to reach a goal and solve problems.

#### Additional skills

- Languages: French (native), English (fluent), Spanish (elementary proficiency).
- Adobe Softwares: InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Premiere, After Effects.

## Education

#### Makers Academy (July 2018 to October 2018)
Intensive 3-month bootcamp in London:

- OOP, TDD, MVC
- Agile/XP
- Pair programming
- Languages: Ruby, Javascript
- Frameworks: Rails, Express, React, React Native
- Testing frameworks: RSpec, Capybara, Jasmine, Zombie, Jest, Enzyme
- Continuous Integration: Travis CI

#### ECS Paris (September 2015 to June 2017), Master's degree in digital communication

- Search Engine Optimization, UX Design, Social Media Management, Project Management
- Provide online/offline communication advice to French brands
- Blogging, in French

#### Baruch College - City University of New York (February 2015 to May 2015)

- Semester abroad
- Brand Management, Customer Relationship Management, New Targets & Data Management, Web Marketing & Integrating Social Media, Personalization and Customization of the Offer

#### ISEG Marketing & Communication Bordeaux (September 2012 to February 2015)

- Marketing, Communication, Webdesign, Business English

#### Université de Bordeaux (September 2011 to December 2011)

- First semester in Medical School
- Biology, Biochemistry, Chemistry, Physics, Epidemiology and Statistics, Sociology, Psychology

#### Lycée François Magendie, Bordeaux (2011)

- French Baccalauréat
- General education with a concentration in Physics and Chemistry

## Experience

**Ministère de l'Éducation Nationale, Rectorat de Nantes** (April 2018 to June 2018)    
*English Teacher*  
I replaced two English teachers until the end of the year. This experience gave me more self-confidence to interact with an audience.

**SNCF** (September 2015 to July 2017)    
*Communication and Community Manager*  
At SNCF (French Railway Company), I worked for the International Department and the Train Operations (Driver Management) Department. It was my very first opportunity to work for a worldwide company.   

- I was in charge of promoting the international culture within the company by writing articles. I also analysed data from Google Analytics to understand my audience.
- Coordination of the sponsorship agreement between the three companies (SNCF, SNCF Mobilités and SNCF Réseau) and [HackPartners](https://hackpartners.com/events/hacktrain-5/) a consultancy based in London who runs an annual hackathon called HackTrain. At this time, hackathons weren't very well known in the company and I became more interested with innovation and coding.

**Imagence** (May 2015 to August 2015)   
*Junior Project Manager (internship)*  
Imagence is a small web agency based in the Greater Paris Area, working for the health industry. I managed a digital project and worked closely with back-end and front-end developers to create a new authentication system.

## Interests

- **Travel:** I love discovering new places. For a holiday or just a weekend in Europe with only a backpack, I'm always ready to go on an adventure. During my spare time, I'm still exploring London.
- **Photography:** Wherever I go I always have my camera in my bag and share my photographs on [this tumblr](http://photomathou.tumblr.com/).
- **Cooking:** Daughter of a French cook, I spend loads of time in my kitchen. During the past months, baking *chouquettes* has been my favourite activity to fight anxiety. I remain Queen of the Fondant Baulois.

Commit message:

updates with iOS engineer experience at Ford

README.md, after:

## Mathilde Ferrand Coeurderoy

[Blog](https://medium.com/@mathilde.ferrand.coeurderoy) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/mathoucdry) | [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mathildeferrandcoeurderoy/)

[Recent personal projects](https://github.com/itsmathou/CV#recent-projects) | [Experience](https://github.com/itsmathou/CV#experience) | [Skills](https://github.com/itsmathou/CV#skills) | [Education](https://github.com/itsmathou/CV#education) |  [Interests](https://github.com/itsmathou/CV#interests)

Following my 12 weeks at Makers, I joined Ford Mobility Europe in December 2018 as an iOS engineer where I've gained valuable experience about mobile development, Swift, Continuous Integration and Delivery, and release process to AppStore. Nowadays, I am looking for a new challenge to expand my development knowledge and my passion for UX, but also contribute towards an exciting project.

## Recent personal projects

| Project | Timeframe | Description | Technology | Testing framework |
| --------| ----------| ------------| -----------| ------------------|
| [Bank Tech Test](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/bank-tech-test) | 2 days | Makers Tech Test using TDD, OOP. | Ruby | RSpec |
| [MakersBnB](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/MakersBnB) | 1 week | Our first team project, following XP principles and agile rituals. | Express, Javascript, SQLite, Sequelize | Jasmine, Zombie |
| [Chitter](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/chitter-challenge) | 2 days | A Twitter clone built during a weekend. | Ruby, Sinatra, ActiveRecord, PostgreSQL | RSpec, Capybara |
| [Acebook](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/acebook-PushMePullYou) | 2 weeks | Our second team project focusing on engineering. The full stack rails app is deployed on heroku [here](http://acebook-pushmepullyou.herokuapp.com/). | Ruby, Ruby on Rails, PostgreSQL | RSpec, Capybara |
| [Injection Dependent](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/injection_dependent) | 2 weeks | Our final project. This mobile app aims to help young diabetics dealing with injection sites. | React Native, Redux | Jest, Enzyme |

## Experience

**Ford Mobility Europe** (December 2018 - Present)
*iOS Engineer*
I began as a junior member where I have been building my own features on [FordPass Pro](https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/fordpass-pro/id1471369674) and [Ford Telematics Drive](https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/ford-telematics-drive/id1497783941) using UIKit, network layers and tools like Charles Proxy for debugging, and got experience using Git (version control and code reviews). I have also contributed to establish code practices within the tean and introduced them to Snapshot testing, improved our CI by sending logs to Slack. Beyond coding, I worked with the design team to keep the app consistent and investigated tech feasibilities for them too. I also took care of onboarding new developers pairing with them to explain practices and going through the codebase.
Patterns: delegation, mix of object and protocol-oriented programming, observers including RxSwift (but we have been moving away from it).
Architecture: MVVM-C, MVP

**Ministère de l'Éducation Nationale, Rectorat de Nantes** (April 2018 to June 2018)    
*English Teacher*  
I replaced two English teachers until the end of the year. This experience gave me more self-confidence to interact with an audience.

**SNCF** (September 2015 to July 2017)    
*Communication and Community Manager*  
At SNCF (French Railway Company), I worked for the International Department and the Train Operations (Driver Management) Department. It was my very first opportunity to work for a worldwide company.   

- I was in charge of promoting the international culture within the company by writing articles. I also analysed data from Google Analytics to understand my audience.
- Coordination of the sponsorship agreement between the three companies (SNCF, SNCF Mobilités and SNCF Réseau) and [HackPartners](https://hackpartners.com/events/hacktrain-5/) a consultancy based in London who runs an annual hackathon called HackTrain. At this time, hackathons weren't very well known in the company and I became more interested with innovation and coding.

**Imagence** (May 2015 to August 2015)   
*Junior Project Manager (internship)*  
Imagence is a small web agency based in the Greater Paris Area, working for the health industry. I managed a digital project and worked closely with back-end and front-end developers to create a new authentication system.

## Skills

#### Project Management

Whilst working on independent projects at Makers (like [Chitter](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/chitter-challenge) among other weekend challenges), I set my own direction and managed to deliver what I wanted to achieve.   
At SNCF (French Railway Company), I had to deal between multiple projects at the same time, from writing contents to managing a sponsorship agreement involving several departments within the company.

#### Collaborative work

At Makers, we worked on three group projects focusing on engineering process and values of extreme programming. We set up agile rituals such as daily stand ups, sprint sessions and retros. I really did enjoy pairing with each member during the group projects. This enabled us to share knowledge (i.e. discovering Redux during our [final project](https://github.com/ChocolatineMathou/injection_dependent)) and having a clear understanding of our goals.

#### Communication
   
My previous experiences involved communicating a lot with stakeholders, especially when setting up the partnership between SNCF and HackPartners.   
At Makers, pair programming afternoons were the occasion to have open and clear conversations with my partners in order to reach a goal and solve problems.

#### Additional skills

- Languages: French (native), English (fluent), Spanish (elementary proficiency).
- Adobe Softwares: InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Premiere, After Effects.
- Public speaking and blog writing.

## Education

#### Makers Academy (July 2018 to October 2018)
Intensive 3-month bootcamp in London:

- OOP, TDD, MVC
- Agile/XP
- Pair programming
- Languages: Ruby, Javascript
- Frameworks: Rails, Express, React, React Native
- Testing frameworks: RSpec, Capybara, Jasmine, Zombie, Jest, Enzyme
- Continuous Integration: Travis CI

#### ECS Paris (September 2015 to June 2017), Master's degree in digital communication

- Search Engine Optimization, UX Design, Social Media Management, Project Management
- Provide online/offline communication advice to French brands
- Blogging, in French

#### Baruch College - City University of New York (February 2015 to May 2015)

- Semester abroad
- Brand Management, Customer Relationship Management, New Targets & Data Management, Web Marketing & Integrating Social Media, Personalization and Customization of the Offer

#### ISEG Marketing & Communication Bordeaux (September 2012 to February 2015)

- Marketing, Communication, Webdesign, Business English

#### Université de Bordeaux (September 2011 to December 2011)

- First semester in Medical School
- Biology, Biochemistry, Chemistry, Physics, Epidemiology and Statistics, Sociology, Psychology

#### Lycée François Magendie, Bordeaux (2011)

- French Baccalauréat
- General education with a concentration in Physics and Chemistry

## Interests

- **Travel:** I love discovering new places. For a holiday or just a weekend in Europe with only a backpack, I'm always ready to go on an adventure. During my spare time, I'm still exploring London.
- **Photography:** Wherever I go I always have my camera in my bag and share my photographs on [this tumblr](http://photomathou.tumblr.com/).
- **Cooking:** Daughter of a French cook, I spend loads of time in my kitchen. During the past months, baking *chouquettes* has been my favourite activity to fight anxiety. I remain Queen of the Fondant Baulois.
